Barry Stevens
Data Analyst
bst_vensxc_88@gmail.com | (917) 646-8900 | Brooklyn, United States
Profile
Experienced and dedicated Data Analyst with several years of experience identifying efficiencies and problem areas within data streams
while communicating needs for projects. Adept at receiving and monitoring data from multiple streams, including Access, SQL, and Excel
data sources. Ability to synthesize quantitative information and interact effectively with colleagues and clients. Proven track record of
generating summary documents for senior management for monthly and quarterly audit and compliance reporting.
Work Experience
Data Analyst — High Stream Inc., New York
10/2013 - 08/2019
Create data modeling standards and procedures.
Present data models to business teams for review.
Perform detailed data validation spanning several different international projects.
Travel internationally assisting with training and data management.
Coordinate with external company to monitor and support data integration to the company's Online Provider Directory Enterprise
System.
Work with complex datasets and train new hires to work with them as well.
Data Analyst — Global Solutions, New York
09/2009 - 09/2013
Performed in-depth data validation on data from various suppliers around the world.
Served as primary contact for client service teams for several projects.
Researched and resolved data discrepancies with troubleshooting teams.
Merged data with existing data sets, careful to keep old data sets and documentation.
Provided tutorials on current data management techniques including assisting with analysis and providing technical recommendations
on study software.
Communicated effectively with project management regarding issues and needs for projects.
Education
Master of Data Science — UCLA, Los Angeles
08/2008 - 08/2010
Graduated in the top 5% of my class.
Bachelor of Computer Sciences — UCLA, Los Angeles
08/2004 - 05/2008
Graduated summa cum laude.
Skills
Detail Oriented
Programming
Leadership Skills
Data Clean-ups
Data Authoring
Languages
German