Cate Taylor
Business Analyst
cat_etaylr_4@gmail.cim | 917-234-4377 | New York
Profile
Experienced and passionate business analyst with over eight years of experience evaluating and improving business systems for well
known organizations. Dedicated team leader with the ability to effectively manage and achieve project goals, leveraging my complex
understanding of systems engineering concepts. Proven track record of effectively researching and analyzing business processes, and
procedures and designing and implementing business solutions.
Work Experience
Business Analyst — Columbia University, New York
10/2017 - 08/2021
Managed 10-person team of business process consultants.
Redesigned and implemented user documentation for system training within the university.
Lead process-improvement focus groups as part of the university initiative to achieve functional design within its user systems.
Guided efforts to improve technology systems in a real and cost effective way.
Worked tirelessly to improve the university's overall performance by assessing billing, workflow, and customer relationship management
and productivity.
Business Analyst — Citigroup, Dallas
09/2014 - 09/2017
Lead and conducted in-depth analysis of business performance versus business goals.
Managed the reporting of business intelligence efforts and all relations to Citi Private Bank's Global Managed Investments (GMI) group.
Oversaw design, regulation, and daily management of principal projects.
Managed and supported business risk and worked to develop and implement strategic solutions.
Reported all necessary information to the Chief Operating Officer for Citi Private Bank's Global Managed Investments (GMI) group, and
worked closely with her to achieve and maintain goals.
Education
Master of Business Administration — Fairfield University, Fairfield
08/2013 - 08/2015
Graduated summa cum laude
President of the Business for a Better Tomorrow Society
Bachelor of Finance — Villanova University, Villanova
08/2009 - 05/2013
President of the Business and Leadership Society
Vice President of Business Without Borders
Graduated magna cum laude
Skills
Management
Communication
Strategic Planning
Leadership
Self Starter