James Clark
Senior Accountant
clar_kz_james19@gmail.com | (267) 216-2188 | Philadelphia, United States
Profile
Certified Public Accountant with five years of experience in account reconciliations, streamlining accounts, and financial planning. Highly
motivated professional with a proven track record of delivering accurate reports and high-quality service. Possess a comprehensive
understanding of all aspects of accounting and financial planning. A dedicated leader with the ability to lead effective teams in attaining
profit improvement.
Work Experience
Accountant — Huntington Associates, Philadelphia
07/2019 - 09/2022
Oversaw the management of all company accounts.
Processed staff payroll and other main aspects of financial transactions.
Managed accounting team of 10 and ensured that all accounting records were complete and accurate.
Explained financial matters to people outside of the finance department in a comprehensive way.
Handled sensitive and confidential matters discreetly.
Worked closely with junior staff members while aiding them in the progression of their careers.
Staff Accountant — Dubone Partnership, New York
11/2014 - 09/2018
Managed accounts by analyzing costs and revenues.
Projected future trends based on analysis work.
Managed complex expense reporting.
Developed strategies for minimizing tax liability.
Worked closely with auditors during all audit processes.
Performed financial risk assessments for all future business projects.
Organized sales and profit reports.
Prepared, reviewed, and submitted crucial budget plans for company goals.
Accounting Records Manager — Pepsico, New York
10/2013 - 10/2014
Supervised staff of 12 finance department members.
Prepared budget and analyzed inventories, cost of goods, and general accounts.
Served as a liaison between the accounting staff and the external audit staff.
Education
Certified Public Accountant — State of New York, New York City
01/2023
Master of Business Administration and Accounting — St. Joseph's College, New York
07/2020
Bachelor of Finance — University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia
05/2012
Skills
Financial Reporting
Taxation
Auditing
Cross-functional Collaboration