Matthew Jones
Digital Marketing Manager
jesma_lt19@gmail.com | (720) 302-7151 | Denver, United States
Profile
Experienced Digital Marketing Manager with extensive experience building, maintaining, and running successful digital marketing
campaigns. Bringing forth broad marketing knowledge, coupled with focused campaign experience. Adept at creating and implementing
client-centered, successful campaigns, aimed at improving brand awareness and presence. Collaborative and creative manager
accomplished at managing digital marketing presence content. Experienced in leading teams of marketing professionals to meet and
exceed digital marketing goals.
Work Experience
Digital Marketing Manager — Scorpion Internet Marketing, Denver
03/2015 - present
Evaluated client websites for mobile performance and optimal search engine rankings.
Developed unique content for a variety of client sites to improve presence and brand awareness.
Organized and analyzed data and marketing results.
Researched keywords relevant to marketing efforts of clients.
Introduced scheduled targeted email marketing programs.
Managed teams of marketing professionals to ensure the success of marketing campaigns.
Marketing Research Specialist — Great Blue Research, Hartford
06/2014 - 03/2015
Coordinated mailings, marketing materials, and website content.
Edited and proofread copy.
Generated invigorating social media content.
Organized contracts, books, and files.
Worked alongside marketing specialists and graphic designers.
Writing Consultant — Yale College Writing Center, New Haven
10/2012 - 05/2014
Worked with students of all writing levels and offered suggestions to improve their writing.
Collaborated with other consultants and tutors to develop workshops for students and staff.
Worked with international students as an English Language Resource specialist, providing optimal assistance and support.
Education
Bachelor of Marketing — Yale College, New Haven
08/2010 - 05/2014
High School Diploma — Somers High School, Somers
09/2006 - 05/2010
Skills
Social Media Management
Adobe Creative Suite
Google Analytics
Content Creation
SEO Copywriting
Industry Trends & Sales Forecasting
Languages
Portuguese