Shane Gomez
Web Developer
shne.gmez127@gmail.com | (619) 703-9816 | San Diego, United States
Profile
Experienced web developer adept in all stages of advanced web development. Knowledgeable in user interface, testing, and debugging
processes. Bringing forth expertise in design, installation, testing and maintenance of web systems. Equipped with a diverse and promising
skill-set. Proficient in an assortment of technologies, including Java, ASP.NET, C#, IIS, Tomcat, and Microsoft SQL Server. Able to effectively
self-manage during independent projects, as well as collaborate in a team setting.
Work Experience
Senior Web Developer — Allen Hamilton, San Diego
08/2011 - 09/2019
Planned, developed, tested, deployed, and maintained web applications.
Provided effective troubleshooting and remediation for web applications.
Wrote SQL statements and stored procedures.
Worked well independently and within a team setting.
Effectively translated client requirements into application designs and systems requirements.
Followed policies and procedures related to application methods and quality standards at all times.
Junior Web Developer — Millbank and Morrison, Los Angeles
08/2008 - 07/2011
Worked as a productive and positive team member to design, code, test, report, and debug operations.
Managed front-end and back-end development in the company's Portfolio Analyst, Employee Track, and Account Management systems.
Successfully identified, diagnosed, and fixed website problems, including broken links, typographical errors, and formatting issues.
Helped to achieve a consistent look and visual theme across the website by promoting uniform fonts, formatting, images, and layout.
Worked to assess competing websites in regards to content, look, and feel.
Evaluated and became knowledgeable in new standards, technologies, and trends in website development.
Education
Master of Computer Science — University of California at Los Angeles, Los Angeles
08/2008 - 05/2010
Bachelor of Computer Science — Pepperdine University, Malibu
08/2004 - 08/2008
Skills
Visual Design Skills
Knowledgeable in User Interface / User Experience
Adaptability
Database Management
Strong Leadership Skills
Programming
Languages
Portuguese (Brazilian)